She followed the stranger through the portal, resigned to her fate.
There was no where to go, no escape from this spectre. Only the knowledge that the end was near.
Ash fell, her skin burned. It was hot. Hotter than any summer day. Winds blew, carrying a fine dust wich stung her eyes. She could barely see the stranger, a dark silhouette against the fiery sky.
She tripped, barely keeping her footing. Cracked and broken, the path was treacherous. The stranger was unbothered, as if having walked this way a thousand times before. Their pace seemingly hastening.
"Where are we going?" she shouted, her arm futility shielding her eyes from the stinging winds.
"To the end," the shadow replied, its voice barely audible over the howling winds.
"Why?" she pressed, desperation creeping into her voice.
"Because," it replied, "on the end is the other side of a beginning."
She wandered, tripping over her own feet as she desperately tried to keep up. No sign of any destination was in sight, just an endless trek of pain and suffering.
Then, the shadow stopped. It's head tilted downward, facing a deep gorge. She approached, standing alongside it as she, too, gazed into the abyss.
"This," it spoke softly, "is true pain."
Her eyes were fixed on a flowing mass of agony below. Bodies twisted and squashed together, whailing as they were carried along by an unseen current.
"What... What are they?" she asked, her voice trembling.
"The Lost," the shadow replied, "the broken, the hopeless... your kin."
She shuttered, stepping away from the edge. "I... You're serious?"
Silence.
"I..."
"Say nothing," the shadow interrupted, "this is your future. Not your present."
"What do you mean?" she hesitated, fear gripping her heart.
"Go back to Midgard and turn the wheel," it said simply.
Confused, she stepped forward once more as if to confront the shadow. The soft rock crumbled and she stumbled forward, a scream escaping her lips as her eyes fell upon the undulating mass of bodies below.
A force grabbed her, holding her steady. "Eager are we? Not yet. Go." And with a strong tug she found herself pulled away from the edge once more. She hesitated no longer.
She did the only thing she could. She turned... and ran.