Welcome. Beyond this point, the difficulty by which progress is made will grow significantly.
Each Gate has a story. Keep your wits about you, for not all is as it seems. Beware of liars.
Let us begin.
Pain. It was all she knew in recent years. No one could explain why. No one understood why.
"What use was there in explaining it?" She thought. "Why would anyone care?"
With a slip of paper in hand and the thunderous, scripted applause of an indifferent audience, she stepped off the stairs and into the promise of a new world. The suffering had ended, or so she was meant to believe.
Would it? As she saw her families' faces in the crowd, she knew. This torturous hell she frequented was only ever an escape from the real hell.
With obligations fulfilled, 'friends' became lifeless statues with blank faces. No longer was her voice heard, no longer was she seen.
Had she offended them in some way? Had she wronged them? What could she have done to warrant such silence, such... isolation.
"No matter," she thought, "Fake smiles, fake laughter...fake friends. What's to miss."
Beyond the threshold and into a chilled summer night, she set herself free. No strings. Only an empty future in which to look forward.
There, on the curb beyond the doors sat a figure. She felt compelled to approach, yet something inside her whispered "run." Her feet moved before she could reconsider. She seated herself alongside the stranger, joining them in silence.
"Unwanted, unloved, useless," it whispered, "Yet... still here. Why?"
Baffled, she turned to face it. Beneath a dark cloak she saw nothing. A void where sound seemingly came.
"Hope?" She answered meekly, her tone betraying her confidence.
A faint chuckle slipped from the void, "Liar, you are. So much hate you have for yourself."
She hesitated, "Why would I hate myself?"
It chuckled again, louder this time, "Oh child. One who has never learned to love themselves, or anything for that matter, can only see hatred. You reek of it."
"Where do you get off speaking as if you know me?" She snapped.
The figure turned, facing her directly. She froze. Emerging from the void was a face. A face she recognized. Her own. Frightened, she tumbled backward along the curb.
A voice laughed, echoing into the distance as the figure faded away.